<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <title>Console Application</title>
</head>
<body>
    <h1>Geometric Figures</h1>

    <p>This README file provides an overview of the directory structure and contents of the project, outlining the purpose and organization of each folder.</p>

    <h2>Folder Structure</h2>

    <ol>
        <li><strong>Folder: src</strong><br>
            The src folder contains the source code files of the project. This is where you will find the primary codebase, including modules, classes, functions, and any other relevant code artifacts necessary.</li>

        <li><strong>Folder: lib</strong><br>
            Within the lib folder, you will find dependencies required by the project. This folder serves as a repository for third-party code that is utilized within the project.</li>

        <li><strong>Folder: objectFiles</strong><br>
            The objectFiles folder stores the compiled object files generated during the build process. These files typically result from compiling source code files and serve as an intermediate step in the creation of executable or binary files.</li>

        <li><strong>Folder: output</strong><br>
            The output folder contains the output files generated by the project.</li>

        <li><strong>Folder: test</strong><br>
            The test folder contains the test suites and related files used for testing the functionality and integrity of the project.</li>
    </ol>

    <h2>Running the Application</h2>
    <p>To run this application:</p>
    <ul>
        <li>Either go to the output folder and write 'main'</li>
        <li>Or go to the test folder and run the following commands:
            <ul>
                <li><code>g++ main.cpp -o main.exe -I ..\headers -L ..\lib -l lib</code></li>
                <li><code>main</code></li>
            </ul>
        </li>
    </ul>
</body>
</html>
